Picnic: migrate actions to dedicated action pages (#46097)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_actions/picnic.add_product.markdown

This is handy for automations, for example, to top up your cart with a staple like milk or coffee on a schedule, so it is ready the next time you place an order.

{% include actions/ui_header.md %}

To add a product to your cart from an automation or a script:

1. Go to {% my automations title="**Settings** > **Automations & scenes**" %}.
2. Open an existing automation or script, or select **Create automation** > **Create new automation**.
3. If you're setting up a new automation, add a trigger in the **When** section. Scripts don't need a trigger. They run when something else calls them.
4. In the **Then do** section, select **Add action**.
5. From the search box, search for and select **Picnic: Add a product to the cart**.
6. Select the **Picnic service** to add the product to, then provide a product ID or a product name.
7. Select **Save**.

This action does not support targets. In the UI, you are not prompted to choose an area, device, entity, or label.

### Options in the UI

{% options_ui %}
Picnic service:
  description: The Picnic service to add the product to.
  required: true
Product ID:
  description: The product ID of a Picnic product.
  required: false
Product name:

>   description: Search for a product and add the first result.

Reviewer: Write a description here, not an instruction:
```suggestion
  description: The product name to search for. The first search result is added to the cart.
```

  required: false
Amount:
  description: The amount to add of the selected product.
  required: false
{% endoptions_ui %}

{% include actions/yaml_header.md %}

In YAML, refer to this action as `picnic.add_product`. A basic example looks like this:

{% example %}
action: |
  action: picnic.add_product
  data:
    config_entry_id: 6b4be47a1fa7c3764f14cf756dc9899d
    product_name: "Picnic cola zero"
{% endexample %}

This searches for "Picnic cola zero" and adds the first result to your cart.

### Options in YAML

{% options_yaml %}
config_entry_id:
  description: >

>     The ID of the Picnic service config entry to add the product to.

Reviewer: Write the whole word and avoid long noun cluster (more than 3 words):
```suggestion
    The configuration entry ID of the Picnic service to add the product to.
```
